docs: Update Expo installation instructions (#2991)
software-mansion/react-native-gesture-handler: docs/docs/fundamentals/installation.md

In order to fully utilize the [touch events](/docs/gestures/touch-events/) you also need to use `react-native-reanimated` 2.3.0-beta.4 or newer.

## [Expo](https://expo.dev)

To use the version of react-native-gesture-handler that is compatible with your Expo project, run `npx expo install react-native-gesture-handler`.

The Expo SDK incorporates the latest version of react-native-gesture-handler available at the time of each SDK release, so Expo apps might not always support all our latest features as soon as they are available.

### Bare [React Native](https://reactnative.dev/)

> Since the library uses native support for handling gestures, it requires an extended installation to the norm. If you are starting a new project, initialize it with [`npx create-expo-app@latest`](https://docs.expo.dev/more/create-expo/) since it comes pre-installed with react-native-gesture-handler.

Author: ```suggestion
Since the library uses native support for handling gestures, it requires an extended installation to the norm. If you are starting a new project, initialize it with [`npx create-expo-app@latest`](https://docs.expo.dev/get-started/create-a-project/) since it comes pre-installed with react-native-gesture-handler.
```
